[Documentation] - Add information about derived themes to doc (#813)
vector-im/hydrogen-web: doc/THEMING.md

This default theme will render as "Default" option in the theme-chooser dropdown. If the device preference is for dark theme, the dark default is selected and vice versa.

**You'll need to reload twice so that Hydrogen picks up the config changes!**

# Derived Theme(Collection)
This allows users to theme Hydrogen without the need for rebuilding. Derived theme collections can be thought of as extensions (derivations) of some existing build time theme. 

## Creating a derived theme:
Here's how you create a new derived theme:
1. You create a new theme manifest file (eg: theme-awesome.json) and mention which build time theme you're basing your new theme on using the `extends` field. The base css file of the mentioned theme is used for your new theme.

> 2. You configue the theme manifest as usual by populating the `variants` field with your desired colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You configure the theme manifest as usual by populating the `variants` field with your desired colors.
```

3. You add your new theme manifest to the list of themes in `config.json`.

> Reload Hydrogen twice and the new theme should show up in the theme chooser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refresh Hydrogen twice (once to refresh cache, and once to load) and the new theme should show up in the theme chooser.
```
